I do not think the presence of the reporter
Who wins today's book?
when this is already counterproductive
whatever happens something I like to see said hawk
to participate with us too
give option
like him
then do an investigation
with so many pieces that were not assembled so that the situation was
complete
I actually had trouble even answering our book
that this piece of sheet for example second beatriz spoke on a common battery
and it worked
you will find here in the report of our book we call attention
to the fact that the airplane is in low height in position of force and the facts
had failed
I decide I'm busy
and also the wheels so it's really curious that that left steel fact that
Do not come down when it's time to be here.
launches or 1 61 million
is called last with a
today this subject without limits
the employment issue
posted by samu ops
which would not be the only kind of information without retention
I think it comes
among the most important information
There you will see the public.
that comes to have science of the book
since the beginning of history it was said that the Georgian
the total and absolute responsible because if I will be
you will see that lamentably I am not accuser
for the nautical is a necessary and natural care to preserve the
name of persons in the case of operators that may be of
responsibility of its authors
consequently in the middle of the book I feel
that three return operators were responsible for flight controller was
partly largely responsible
for this problem
by having taken an unnecessary pilot talk
I'm not the technician I heard genius technician you'll listen with vainer
better saying
here there is a certain moment that one of the technical operators jorginho
at this wind speed
I ask only for a photo of a specialist in our team said that
this does not happen in such an airplane
together with cristiane
kicked out
pilot's
what exactly are the advantages
let's show heart
to stare xavi of all this mystery
so pregnant is important that ronaldinho refused until the delivery of the
our justice
but the format is only cristiano can out can reveal she managed to have this
stay in hand I watched this tape at the residence of da cristiane on the 24th of
January
I was expecting to present our recent program in São Paulo that
there was no opportunity for reasons already helena
let's hear what we have here
maria cristiane the perception about this
for those who are already five or six weeks old
still singing
I'm 100%
with this year's triumph
the burglar
pay attention to cooperated Reuters
no other storm
with 82 years in the area
in greater river to the category
so the commission
and it comes to all plans at the time of the accident
we all even knew conversations from buyers before the
justice
and it's the last word of the jais terceria I'm with the Sierra my donations are
in the basilica
and that in the reality of the country in order to
show everyone who asks for an explanation
Who we talked about on the basis of
After one hour
go back to undressing
the negative control
we have two aircraft with no approach
this year's event
the control 119 final 8
the last word of the lakes is called the control because the controller that was
entering he told him to do this
he watched from the buyers watched the plane approaching approaching
and they did not speak
nothing just sent them bitter from control
This is revolting here.
and there is an observation on the topics of recorded state including also in the
our work
that one of the operators noted that the aircraft was out of alignment and
relation to the runway and that the landing gear as I said earlier
it was not not low